Who dares to bully my grandson?
Grandpa, you came just in time
My family joined forces with this magic stick to pretend to be the Dragon King
How dare they hit me?
Mainly they all die
Uncle Fan Wu, hello
Hmm, that's right
Lord Dragon King healed me with his own hands just now
I think you really don't know life and death
Where can I find such a cat-headed boy?
How dare you impersonate a dragon?
Well, look good.
This is still me from the Dragon King Palace
The Dragon King himself
Void, why did he impersonate me?
I wanted to pretend to be the Dragon King
Knock and muster one match
I didn't expect you to do this
Can the Fan family invite this kid to impersonate the Dragon King?
He must have some real skills in him
Who are you?
How dare you impersonate yourself?
It's over. It's over.
Swallowskin met the real thing
daring madman
Dare to impersonate the Dragon King
Zhao Wuji, you are really a thief shouting to catch a thief
well known
I once met the Dragon King
This one around you is fake.
Boy, I know you're fake
But the guy on the other side isn't real either.
That's it.
Want to live
Gotta play it for me too wow
It turns out that the one opposite is also fake.
Don't worry, acting is my old name
The nameless rat dares to pretend to be the dragon king
Believe it or not, I'll slap you to death with one palm.